Okay,
So the third step here for preparing your data for creating a pivot table out of it is to
form it each column properly.
So you should check each column that contains the number or each column that contains the
date and make sure that you formatted properly.
So,
for example,
this is the sales amount here.
This is not formatted properly because it's just numbers.
Eso it's better to add a coma,
actually.
And maybe if there is a currency,
you could add a currency here.
So English,
United States or English,
Canada or so?
So you had a currency to it,
And there couple zeros you can remove here,
using these arrows here for the decimal places.
And then there is the order date column here,
so Excel actually treats dates as numbers.
So sometimes on the column containing your dates,
you might see numbers.
These numbers actually re present your dates,
but they are not formatted properly,
so if you need to format them properly,
you need to select your column here and then go to this number format,
drop down menu and then select short date.
So this form,
it's your dates properly,
and please note that all my PC here I've got my dates formatted in the European way.
So it's day,
month,
year,
so on your PC.
If you're in the US,
you might have your dates format it as month,
day year.
Okay,
so now that we've fermented our data properly,
we can start creating our pivot table.
So I'm gonna press control in a on my keyboard here,
just like my data and an insert,
a pivot table.
And then I'm gonna click OK to create a pivot table in a new worksheet.
And that's it.
So we've completed the final step here for preparing our data for creating a pivot table
out of it.
This step will help you troubleshoot any issues with your data in the future.
So having proper form,
it is a general best practice when preparing your data